Fix missing app dependency for service course. (#10)
vtex-apps/service-course: course/steps/03-clients-analytics/en.md

   > The method that you've just created will get the necessary data for this application: an array of objects that have two fields: `slug`, a string that represents the product ID and `liveUsers`, a number that is the quantity of users visualizing this product - which are the fields in the interface.

> 4. The `_v/live-products` API endpoint we call above needs the app `mocked-analytics` to run, or your `getLiveUsers` method will not see anything there. Clone a copy of the [`mocked-analytics` repository](https://github.com/vtex-apps/mocked-analytics/) locally. 

Reviewer: This dependency is not a problem when using the `appliancetheme` account, because we've already installed it there. I'm guessing that, in your case, you're using your own account and this app is not installed. 
I believe we need to change this step to emphasize that those who are running on the `appliancetheme` account can skip this step. cc @gris @juliarocha

Reviewer: What do you think about changing the text a bit? Instead of linking another app and having three apps running at the same time, you can install this app on your workspace.

```suggestion
4. The `_v/live-products` API endpoint we call above needs the app `mocked-analytics` to run, or your `getLiveUsers` method will not see anything there. **In case of not running this application on `appliancetheme` account**, you will have to install the `mocked-analytics` app on your workspace. To do that, you can run `vtex install vtex.mocked-analytics`.
```

Having it done in this way, we can remove the rest of the text:
```diff
-   As with `events-example` before, you'll need to link this app to your workspace. From your local `mocked-analytics` directory, run  
-   ```
-   vtex link
-   ```
```

    }
  ```

7. Now let's test it! It's possible to use Postman to send a `GET` request to the following route:

>    `{your workspace}--{your account}.myvtex.com/_v/app/analytics/realTime`

Reviewer: In this case, we use `appliancetheme` as the account, because it's the account that we give students the necessary permissions.
